I'm in Crystal Palace Park, south of London, and there are dinosaurs.
Well, dinosaur models. And models not at all precise:
but that's because they are more than 150 years old.
These were the first models of extinct creatures never made,
Built by the gardens of the huge Crystal Palace
which was previously on that hill there.
They were made by the spectacularly named Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins.
Today we know that they are terribly incorrect in many significant aspects,
but then they were a wonder:
"Look at what the Earth once inhabited!"
Currently, in England there is a list of buildings that have special protection under law.
The buildings on this list are called ... Buildings Listed.
Because they are on the list.
Of buildings
And this country is full: Historic England,
the not very governmental organization that manages the list,
He says that there is well half a million.
Most of the buildings are only listed as Grade 2,
which means that they should be kept intact
and any change that you want to do needs a very good reason,
but more than 10,000 sites are listed as Grade 1,
which means that they must be preserved.
Basically everything that was built more than 200 years ago and still hard is on the list,
but there are also some more modern things ... like these dinosaurs.
Yes sir Dinosaurios de Grado 1 en la lista. They can not be changed, moved or overthrown.
They must be kept in good condition,
and they can not be updated to reflect what paleontologists today know,
because that would mean changing them,
and destroy not an exhibition of dinosaurs,
but an exhibition of how we once thought we were the dinosaurs.
Something that is not important for what it represents in itself,
but for the history included in these sculptures.
These dinosaurs, by law, must remain incorrect
because the story they tell is not from prehistoric times ...
It's about science, just 150 years ago.
I have made a video with Minute Earth on Null Island,
the busiest place that does not exist.
You can take a look at your channel.
~ captions: Guillem Turon